>> Will Sentance: Function decoration,
easier to add features, we can pseudo,
I mean that could appear to
edit our existing functions.
In our functional programming world,
we wanna save every
single little bit of code as a function
to be able to use again and again.
I wanna be able to reuse
them as much as possible.
Sometimes that would mean
writing a brand new function, or
decorating, and therefore,
appearing to edit our functions in order
we can use them in different situations.
We were able to edit our multiply
by two function to create one that
behaved like multiple by two,
but had a bonus feature.
That it was only allowed to be run once,
and when it's run again,
was limited to saying sorry.
That is [SOUND] for the first time
ever our functions got memories.
Meaning we can convert
existing functions or
at least appear to by creating
a brand new function inside of it,
storing it in its backpack the function
we wanna have trigger to run.
>> Will Sentance: [SOUND] Easier to debug
[SOUND] definitely need to know how this
works under the hood.